- [Instructor] Inside of our lab,
ArgoCD is already running
on our staging and production clusters.
However, there's a little bit
of configuration we'll need to do
in order to get Argo to deploy our application
on those clusters.
To access either instance of ArgoCD,
you can use these links in the bookmarks bar.
There's one for staging and one for production.
Let's start in the staging environment.
Here you can provide the credentials admin, admin
in order to log into the ArgoCD instance.
Now, once we're in ArgoCD,
let's click on this gear to set up a repository.
This is going to define ArgoCD's connection
to the repository that holds our manifest,
which tell it what to run on our cluster.
So let's go ahead and we'll click on this button,
and then we'll need to select the type
of connection we'll establish.
I'm going to select this option, which uses SSH.
Then we'll need to provide a name for the connection.
I'm just going to call it landon-hotel.
And then here we'll need to provide a link
to the repository that holds our manifest.
So let's head over to GitHub
into our deploy repository.
And here I'm going to go ahead and copy the SSH URL
to the repo.
Now, you'll recall this repository holds our manifests
and our customizations.
So now let's go back to Argo,
and we'll paste in that link.
Then we'll need to provide the private key
of our SSH key that we created earlier in the course.
So I'm going to head over to the terminal
and you'll remember that we placed the private.key
within our home directory for convenience.
So I'll print that out to the terminal
and then I'll carefully copy it from there.
All right, once I've copied it,
I'll go back to ArgoCD,
and I can paste it right here in this text box.
Okay, that's everything we need for a connection.
Let's go ahead and we'll hit connect.
And then you'll notice that the connection was successful.
So now we can click on these ellipses
and create an application.
So here we're going to configure the application
that ArgoCD will deploy onto the cluster.
First, we'll need to give the application a name.
I'm going to call it landon-hotel-staging.
Then just go ahead and select the default project.
And then we'll need to configure the sync policy.
So I'm going to select automatic here,
and this will allow ArgoCD
to automatically apply the configuration that it reads
from our Git repository on the cluster.
If we selected manual,
we'd have to click a button for it to sync.
Then I'm going to click on these two options.
And these allow ArgoCD to remove resources
from the cluster if they're not found in Git.
All right, if we scroll down further,
here we can adjust the resources
that ArgoCD will pull from the repository.
So first, I'm going to change our staging instance
to pull the resources from the main branch in the repo.
Then we can select the staging overlay.
So this will cause ArgoCD to use customize
to apply the staging overlay
when it's determining what needs to run on the cluster.
All right, now if we scroll down here,
we'll just select this option for our cluster URL,
and then we need to provide the namespace
where we want these resources to be applied.
So you'll recall
that we're using the landon-hotel namespace.
That's where we created our secret.
And then if we scroll down,
you can see that ArgoCD recognizes
that our repository is using customize.
Now, we don't have to adjust anything here.
So let's just go ahead
and we can create our application.
Okay, so while ArgoCD is deploying those resources
on our staging cluster,
let's head over to our production cluster.
And we can start to configure the production environment.
Once again, the credentials are admin, admin.
And then we're just going to walk through the same process.
So I'm going to go pretty quickly here.
We'll click on this option,
then we'll select the repositories,
and then we'll select the SSH option.
We'll go ahead, give this a name.
Then we'll need grab our URL once again.
We'll just paste that in there.
Then we'll go back to the terminal.
And we'll copy our private key.
Then we can paste that in to the text box
and create our connection.
All right, it looks like it's successful.
Now let's create the app.
And here we'll name this landon-hotel-prod.
Once again, we'll select the default project,
the automatic sync policy.
We'll allow it to prune and self-heal.
Then we'll scroll down.
Now, this next part's important.
We only want production to pull the manifest
from the release branch.
So let's go ahead, we'll enter the name release
for the branch.
And then we'll go back to GitHub
and we can create that branch.
All we need to do is click on this dropdown
and then type the word release.
And then we can click on this option
to create the release branch.
Okay, now we have the branch.
Let's go back to ArgoCD
and we can continue our configuration.
Now, for the path, I'm going to go ahead
and enter overlays/production.
This will cause the production overlay
to be applied by ArgoCD
when it determines what resources need
to run on the cluster.
All right, now let's scroll down.
We can select this option for our cluster URL.
Once again, our namespace is landon-hotel.
And that should complete our application configuration
for the production instance of ArgoCD.
All right, let's go ahead and we'll click on the button
to create the app.
There you can see ArgoCD is starting
to sync the resources from the Git repository
onto the cluster.
Right now it looks like it's pulling
the different container images.
Now we're starting to see a few of the pods come online,
and it looks like our app is up.
All right, now to hit the app,
let's go back to the application section
and then here, we can click on this first link.
It might take a second though
for the app to spin up.
Let's just give it a minute and then we'll refresh.
All right, excellent.
We have our application up and running
and we're in production.